Social media platforms, such as Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Reddit, etc. have become major sources of news. They provide abundant information about current topics and events, with thousands of posts shared every minute. When a user desires to investigate a specific topic or event, it is not feasible, because of the large number of posts. Therefore, providing summaries of large sets of posts is necessary. However, it may be inadequate to review the voluminous social media contents with only a single summary, as there is information overload and echo chamber effects camouflage different perspectives. To address the overwhelming number of social media posts, echo-chamber effects, and information isolation issues, we provide a multiple view-based summarization framework where the same large contents can be summarized according to different perspectives. We present three extractive summarization methods, Entity-based, Social Feature-focused, and Distance-centered, along with different perspectives, e.g., sentiment, geolocation, etc. Our framework allows users to choose a single method, or to combine a method with different perspectives to generate unique fine-grained summaries. We compared the performance of our approach with existing extractive and abstractive summarization models, namely, BertSum, SBert, T5, and Bart-Large-CNN. Based on Rouge scores, our summarization methods demonstrated better performance than the above state-of-the-art summarization models.
We present this work in Summarization.pptx.
